ReadMe.md, before:

# Code Quiz for JavaScript

This app is a timed coding quiz with multiple-choice questions that relate to JavaScript. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code.

## The active link to my Code Quiz app:
[Ed's Code Quiz](https://jeminick.github.io/JEM-CodeQuiz/)

## Installation

This app is standard HTML/CSS powered with JavaScript.  It will run in popular browsers (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Microsoft Edge, etc).

Files required to run include:
   1) index.html
   2) ./assets/css/style.css
   3) ./assets/js/script.js

## Usage

This app is initiated by the root html file "index.html.:  To begin the quiz, simply click the START  button found on the landing page:

![Screen shot:](./assets/images/CodeQuizApp.png?raw=true)

At the conclusion of the quiz, you will be prompted to enter your initials/name to save for the "High Scores" board.  The High Scores board will be presented thereafter.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
© 2021 JEM Services, LLC

Commit message:

Updated with a new 'About Me' link...

ReadMe.md, after:

# Code Quiz for JavaScript

This app is a timed coding quiz with multiple-choice questions that relate to JavaScript. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code.

## The active link to my Code Quiz app:
[Ed's Code Quiz](https://jeminick.github.io/JEM-CodeQuiz/)
### My gitHubs for this project:
[Code Quiz GitHub](https://github.com/JEMinick/JEM-CodeQuiz)

## Installation

This app is standard HTML/CSS powered with JavaScript.  It will run in popular browsers (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Microsoft Edge, etc).

Files required to run include:
   1) index.html
   2) ./assets/css/style.css
   3) ./assets/js/script.js

## Usage

This app is initiated by the root html file "index.html.:  To begin the quiz, simply click the START  button found on the landing page:

![Screen shot:](./assets/images/CodeQuizApp.png?raw=true)

At the conclusion of the quiz, you will be prompted to enter your initials/name to save for the "High Scores" board.  The High Scores board will be presented thereafter.

## About me:
[Portfolio](https://jeminick.github.io/JEM-Portfolio/)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
© 2021 JEM Services, LLC
